DOCS-#6871: Update Modin on Ray cluster tutorial (#6872)
modin-project/modin: examples/tutorial/jupyter/execution/pandas_on_ray/cluster/README.md

![LOGO](../../../img/MODIN_ver2_hrz.png)

<center>
<h1>Scale your pandas workflows on a Ray cluster</h2>
</center>

> **NOTE**: Before completing the exercise, please read the full instructions in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Before starting the exercise, please read the full instructions in the 
```

Author: Done

> [Modin documenation](https://modin--6872.org.readthedocs.build/en/6872/getting_started/using_modin/using_modin_cluster.html).

Reviewer 2: Is it correct?

> [Modin documenation](https://modin--6872.org.readthedocs.build/en/6872/getting_started/using_modin/using_modin_cluster.html).

Reviewer 2: Is it correct?

Reviewer: should be correct now

Author: > should be correct now

no, stop

Reviewer: What is wrong?

> [Modin documenation](https://modin--6872.org.readthedocs.build/en/6872/getting_started/using_modin/using_modin_cluster.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Modin documenation](https://modin.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/using_modin/using_modin_cluster.html).
```

![LOGO](../../../img/MODIN_ver2_hrz.png)

<center>
<h1>Scale your pandas workflows by changing one line of code</h2>
</center>

# Exercise 5: Setting up cluster environment

> **GOAL**: Learn how to set up a cluster for Modin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**GOAL**: Learn how to set up a Ray cluster for Modin.
```

Author: done

**NOTE**: This exercise has extra requirements. Read instructions carefully before attempting. 

> **This exercise instructs the user on how to start a 700+ core cluster, and it is not shut down until the end of Exercise 6. Read instructions carefully.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This exercise instructs users on how to start a 700+ core Ray cluster,
and it is not shut down until the end of Exercise 6.**
```

Author: done

> Often in practice we have a need to exceed the capabilities of a single machine. Modin works and performs well in both local mode and in a cluster environment. The key advantage of Modin is that your notebook does not change between local development and cluster execution. Users are not required to think about how many workers exist or how to distribute and partition their data; Modin handles all of this seamlessly and transparently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often in practice we have a need to exceed the capabilities of a single machine.
Modin works and performs well in both local mode and in a cluster environment.
The key advantage of Modin is that your notebook does not change between
local development and cluster execution. Users are not required to think about
how many workers exist or how to distribute and partition their data;
Modin handles all of this seamlessly and transparently.
```

Author: @anmyachev Unfortunately, we cannot use Modin on Ray cluster from Jupyter Notebook without using Ray Client. I also thought about running a Jupyter server on the cluster head node, but I think this is not the best idea. Do you agree with me?
You can suggest using large files, but this will take a lot of time and, I think, it will not be convenient for the user.

Reviewer 2: > Unfortunately, we cannot use Modin on Ray cluster from Jupyter Notebook without using Ray Client.

ok

> I also thought about running a Jupyter server on the cluster head node, but I think this is not the best idea. 

@Retribution98 why?

> You can suggest using large files, but this will take a lot of time and, I think, it will not be convenient for the user.

We can add a note that this example takes a long time to complete, and indicate a place where the amount of data can be reduced (preferably a one-line change) by user.

Author: Deploying a Jupyter notebook is quite a complex task and requires a separate tutorial. It can be added later, but for now I just added a note about this feature.

![Cluster](../../../img/modin_cluster.png)

**Extra Requirements for this exercise**

Detailed instructions can be found here: https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/cluster/getting-started.html

> First of all, please install the necessary dependencies in your environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all, install the necessary dependencies in your environment:
```

Author: done

```bash
pip install boto3
```

> The next step is setup yout AWS credentionals. We can set 
> `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` and `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` environment variables or just run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to setup your AWS credentials. One can set  `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, 
`AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` and `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN` environment variables or
just run the following command:
```

Author: done

```bash
aws configure
```

## Starting and connecting to the cluster

> This example starts 1 head node (m5.24xlarge) and 7 workers (m5.24xlarge), 768 total CPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example starts 1 head node (m5.24xlarge) and 7 worker nodes (m5.24xlarge), 768 total CPUs.
```

Author: done

Cost of this cluster can be found here: https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/on-demand/.

> You can just use the `Ray autoscaler` to create and initialize Ray cluster using the configuration file. This file is included in this directory and is called [`modin-cluster.yaml`](https://github.com/modin-project/modin/blob/master/examples/tutorial/jupyter/execution/pandas_on_ray/cluster/modin-cluster.yaml). You can read more about how to modify `Cluster YAML Configuration file` here: https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/cluster/vms/references/ray-cluster-configuration.html#cluster-yaml-configuration-options

Reviewer: Split this line into multiple for better reading.

```bash
ray up modin-cluster.yaml
```

> Once the cluster initialization is complete, run the following command to connect to it:
> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the cluster initialization is complete, run the following command to connect to it:

```bash
```

Author: done with changes

ray attach modin-cluster.yaml
```

> Now our console is connected to the cluster head node via ssh and we can run our code there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now your console should be connected to the cluster head node via ssh and one can run your code there.
```

Author: done with changes

# Exercise 6: Executing on a cluster environment

**GOAL**: Learn how to connect Modin to a Ray cluster and run pandas queries on a cluster.

**NOTE**: Exercise 5 must be completed first, this exercise relies on the cluster created in Exercise 5.

> Modin lets you instantly speed up your workflows with a large data by scaling pandas on a cluster. In this exercise, we will use the 12.5GB [NYC Taxi dataset](https://modin-datasets.s3.amazonaws.com/testing/yellow_tripdata_2015-01.csv) that was provided with the [executable script](https://github.com/modin-project/modin/blob/master/examples/tutorial/jupyter/execution/pandas_on_ray/cluster/exercise_6.py) as part of our [modin-cluster.yaml](https://github.com/modin-project/modin/blob/master/examples/tutorial/jupyter/execution/pandas_on_ray/cluster/modin-cluster.yaml) configuration file.

Reviewer: Split this line into multiple for better reading.

Author: done

![ClusterPerf](../../../img/modin_cluster_perf.png)

We can just run the following command to reproduce these result:
```bash
python exercise_6.py
```

## Shutting down the cluster

> Now that we have finished computation, but before we shut down the cluster, we need to exit from ssh console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we have finished computation, but before we shut down the cluster,
we need to exit from ssh console:
```

Author: done with changes
